adding additional event sources (#926)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-python-contrib: CHANGELOG.md

### Added

> - `opentelemetry-instrumentation-aws-lambda` Added additional consumers. Fixes issue 902  

Reviewer: I don't think we normally include the issue number in the CHANGELOG? The PR description will have it. Probably best to remove in this case.

```suggestion
- `opentelemetry-instrumentation-aws-lambda` `SpanKind.SERVER` by default,  add more cases for `SpanKind.CONSUMER` services
```
